so if you're dealing with grief yourself and trying to help your sailors
also deal with it, I think, um, making sure that you're taking care
of ultimately with your resource is and the avenues that you're going
through but to also be transparent with your sailors. And to understand
that this is a tough time for not just you but for everybody
and to allow them to grieve with you. And I think as a community or
as a division, or is a ship or a command, or whoever is experiencing
that the leaders, if they're transparent, that will give the people
that are following the sailors underneath them toe also be transparent
to heel and toe to benefit from one another.